perfect all right hi everybody welcome
to a weekly je s chord eptein sync I
will be taking the place of Alan today
he's out on holiday
hopefully he'll be back next week with
that can I have a volunteer note-taker
you
no all right Volker I pick you ha ha ha
okay all right we'll go ahead and kick
it off then now that we have a
note-taker Volkers thank you oh all
right and I will start so last week i
finalized some work to get pull in plex
out the door so that should be ready to
go into je s IP FS so we can replace the
PD p.m. Plex and hopefully that probably
won't end up living too terribly long
with the async iterator work but that
should see some performance boosts
because it is a bit faster than M Plex
uh hon - dude next message signing in
pub/sub so go live p2p is going to be
enforcing message signing they're gonna
be working that up the chain Lytle thank
you for finding that out and mentioning
that to the JavaScript team so we went
ahead and got message running in place
and we'll hopefully be doing a release
of that tomorrow for json' slush goes
back and then also did some CPU testing
of the DHT on JSF PFS I'll be doing more
of that this week so that we can
finalize what config works best for the
HT being enabled this week I'll probably
be working on also doing mess signing of
validation of the signed messages so
right now we're doing kind of a phase
release with pub/sub mr. signing so that
we can get the signing out faster but
whilst do a subsequent release what
we're actually doing the validation of
the signatures so that we make sure
everything is good and then possibly I
need to check priorities but I should
we'll probably be looking at natural
result and better address announcing for
Jay Haizlip VTP and I think that is it
does anybody have any questions
No all right
Alan's notes he's out but he released a
new version of the JSI PFS HTTP api he
is working on some things for the
interface stream Luxor for Lib p2p a few
other async iterator items for aslo p2p
as well
the next this week he'll be working on
workshops for ipfs camp if you have
anything any questions for Alan on any
of those feel free to reach out to him
or ping him in one of those PRS Dirk not
attending still in Australia but I
believe he'll be back next time for in
NYC so we should see him next week he's
finished up the refs local endpoint he's
got an RFC out for garbage collection
and is looking for feedback so if you're
interested in garbage collection JSI PFS
up over there take a look and provide
feedback for him and then he'll be
working on garbage implementation this
week next up Volker so I I'm still
working on the IPL deform at stuff but
slowly it looks good so now like I think
80% of the PRS are a proof so hopefully
it's only the EM I believe theorem one
is missing which is the hard one and
main chase I probably think but
hopefully it gets a with you tonight
basically in the Australian time zone
and then tomorrow I will hopefully hit M
be able to oh well if an between this
but hopefully this week I should really
be able to merge things release things
and then the whole IPL d-stick is a
singing a wait yeah that's all I have
great questions for Volker
all right next up whoo go
I guess so what I've been doing I
implemented the file Dom API supports
for the regular files API on HTTP
clients on JFS core
so these the corresponding inter
interface tests while doing this work I
created a new repo which is still like
in review this ripple basically
aggregates some shared logic and
dependencies for the BFS ecosystem we
still disgusting if we gonna go with it
or just put the the stuff that that's
there in the interface repo but
basically they just authority functions
that gets they get really implemented
all over the place and having a VM there
in a single place will help hard to
avoid to others to reemployment because
ring commits emoji because I found out
some implementation not actually the
same I found out a few problems with it
yeah we're still discussing it but that
should be filled out soon and the dumb
file API should get merged also added
note 12 to see I we twist on on the
easier other ripples it's kind of
difficult because one of our
dependencies doesn't really run on no.12
so we need to figure out that's also I
did a bigger plate on easier there's the
Avery dependency merged a bunch of a
bunch of liquids that were in the bike
lock so major release
be out soon this week for Asia so get
ready to do some changes in all your
ripples yeah I also fix the electron
example on GFS also added support for
running the tests in electron
environment electron basically has two
types of environments what they call the
electron main it's basically the main
process that is a node like process and
the renderer process that's basically
the browser so the public was already
open to add support for its I'm still a
little bit stuck with this because the
Beat's what tests actually the big top
tests on Jessup EFS repo don't actually
pass because they need to connect to
external move and do some with stuff but
everything else is passing I just need
few outs out to change this to to be
able to support the electron and then we
will be able to run our tests in
electron environments we will help a lot
because we have some issues about it I
also went back to the IP NS resolve pull
requests clean those a little bit as a
few more fixes to align with the go
implementation right now I'm blocked on
the under GSI BFS both requests you can
see there Travis link on the blocks
section basically is the tests related
to perserve that why should not
related to my model if you guys could
check it out it will be extremely
helpful yeah I know I'm also blocks on a
new go ipfs release because basically
the last ones broke the multiple files
app and will rely on dates on several
tests basic especially on the HTTP
client repo which tests against go ipfs
so we have a lot of tests failing and
right now I have at least two PRS that
actually need the latest version of my
BFS but I can't use it because that
version breaks all the tests so it's not
easy to handle the test right now
progressive read out the week I'll be
working on the penis specifically making
the ipfs DNS recursive by default and
the ipfs resolve or custom by default
exactly as the latest version of coop
ifs any questions for me go ahead walk
and I've just that I know that from the
no.12 stuff that M the IPAs Rico doesn't
work on no.12 but it should be simply
pendency update thing but I basically
looked into it but then halfway through
I didn't finish it but just if anyone is
once ever look at it it should be for
this before yeah it's one of our
dependence that doesn't actually support
notes twelve native stuff because they
change it and either the maintainer for
dependency fixed fixes that stuff or we
will need to do it or change yes
geez of activists it was just the level
down or up a dependency which has
already new versions of all signatures
needs to be yeah
love of the changes any more questions
for me oh cool thanks Mexico
next up Lyle
yep so apart from holidays I managed to
add even more stuff to the TR with
greater improvements and in the meantime
Allen merged upgrade to new package name
of happy and Joey I think so I realized
on top of that and now the PR is
significantly smaller and easier to
review so that would be very good if
someone looked at it because it's like
hanging there and it's sort of like
blocking cutter work that I have killed
and built on top of that I feel some
upstream peers that are not really
related to Jase ipfs it's but it makes
it easier for Jase I confess to run in
basically chromium apps and web
extensions in brave so I think happy one
got merged I did not add links yet but
I'll probably add them post this call
and I got work in progress on getting
basically getting a Wikipedia to load
using combated gateway in brave and it's
like related to multiple things somehow
there's like overlap with what Hugo is
doing with adding support photos for DNS
link and generally like fixing IPS
resolved in Jessica Fez but also Alex
are that support for Charlotte
directories and like I identified that
that works for immutable paths like IPA
first one but we don't have any story or
code that would support IP NS and that's
probably the problem is that if we a lot
of people who just want to find call
urls to play with embedded know a
gateway in brief and Wikipedia is like
one of the first like the first choice
and
does not work right now for multiple
reasons like I cannot support DNS link
and also like resolving share the
directories and picking the correct file
to load so that's like working progress
and I'll be continuing that work in this
week I hope to release a new better of
companion with about the J's ipfs that
is able to load those things what I'm
doing I'm basically using
Jessup EFS fork that has cherry-picked
changes from multiple peers until those
changes land upstream just to keep
iterating and dot get this work style
and I also like when it's sort of starts
landing in J's ipfs I want to add like
interrupts s4 HTTP gateway that check
checks for all those like other headers
and other stuff because we have like
interrupts suit for the API which is
like checking if we don't divert between
J's and go implementations but for the
gateway there I don't think we have like
the robust test suit so probably we need
to create one and this is a like a good
opportunity because I'm already in this
and I that's that's it from me any
questions
I was just checking out the embedded JSI
PF SPR and it looks really cool the DNS
link stuff there's a note about like
using the Chrome sockets UDP API is that
the plan for like you're gonna issue DNS
requests from the embedded node
eventually is that I'm just curious
because that sounds really cool yeah so
like right now I think we are using
basically what regular JFS ranking web
site is doing so it's using DNA api v0
dns endpoint at our public gateway just
to get it worked but yeah we have access
to UDP like Chrome UDP sockets API and
that would be used for I believe we
should be able to do DNS lookups and
also like local discovery which is like
also using like sub spec of DNS so yeah
it's cool this is really interesting
they are
cool awesome thank you little except Jim
hi so last week I remember I did earlier
in the week but I did some more
experimentation with the new HTTP signed
exchanges
I didn't done some work with that last
year and I'd gone to Google Tokyo and
showed them my experiment of signing
content and loading it using a
serviceworker and I'd let all my
certificates expire and so I hadn't
really played with it and so the
Google's in the last week had been sort
of interested in what we're doing again
and it's it's now been shipped into
stable chrome channel so everybody in
the world can use these things now so I
I renewed my certificate and I got a a
wildcard certificate and they did some
experimentation with that and also wrote
a little test to see if I could make it
work from using a web instead web ad
extension instead of a serviceworker and
that sort of work so the sort of neat so
I doing it as framed as one of these
mini projects I'm trying to organize but
hasn't actually been great greenlit yet
so I haven't put too much more effort
into it but good news is I'm going to I
going to see the spec writer for the
HTTP sign exchanges and web the packaged
in Portland because I'm in Portland this
week for CSV comp and I'm going to meet
a bunch of people and so I'll be able to
trade notes all right I didn't realize
it previously but this is actually
Google's core reasoning behind doing all
this work is to support the peer-to-peer
use case so I think be very interesting
for us to talk to them so EMP is sort of
like what they can deploy with it now
but they're actually very strongly
interests
in the peer-to-peer issue or how to do
peer-to-peer for real like but it's very
difficult issue for them to do because
that they really have to take into
account reader privacy and I I dove in a
little bit on what the controversy
between Mozilla and Google has been with
regards to certificates and modifying
SSL to cover the peer-to-peer use case
and that's unresolved so this we called
to speak
yeah they I added some comments on me
the IP - IP IP FS in web browsers is she
121 which is a sort of an epic and to be
there's a really interesting IETF video
from last night TF meeting where the
Jeffrey from Portland here and when the
guys I met in Tokyo are at the
conference and they're presenting their
stuff and Chris Korell a--from he's the
CTO of Firefox and he's also the guy
behind let's encrypt and a lot of the
crypto things and he's very strongly
posted he he let them have it like
raising the IETF meeting the certain
interesting the website you can just see
live the debate and I don't think the
current signed exchanges are going to
like Google has purposely put like a
seven day limit on the certificates just
because they don't want to make it into
the standard so I think they're going to
want to the
it's going to be a lot of work I think
the standards level to try to push
forward the peer-to-peer use case
learn more about it this week hopefully
great any questions for Jim
No all right we have five minutes left
it doesn't look like there are any cross
team updates did anybody want to give
one
Terry I would just yeah I'll just say
that since it's written down as being
workshop building week for a camp please
let me know if you have questions about
protocol tutorials as part of your
workshops in the proto school repo you
can find an issue for creating a new
tutorial proposal so you can start
chatting about what those sections of
your workshop might look like if you're
doing that but don't hesitate to reach
out one of
okay poppy probably be
reaching out to you this week from the
the PDB chat stuff so why don't you have
an update
one update on the signed exchanges is
that in the same issue that Jim posted
like thoughts and comments I also posted
on updates that our public gateways now
exposing like returning signed exchanges
with correct header so there are no
errors anymore in the latest Chrome and
hello everyone can as long kill as you
like either purchase the certificate or
got scientists range file you can like
play with it and with the chrome 74 I
think our latest and there's a question
in the chat and that's all
and Google will get you after what come
officers question
hi this is a kuma vez for metabolic I'm
sort of an outside contributor we're
building a browser like client for
aetherium and with Libby to be and so my
primary question is the async endeavor
it's awesome it's amazing it's very
exciting it's also simultaneously
absolutely terrifying because it is you
know a larger factor of you about 80
modules that is frequently blocking
other ongoing development or at least
conflicting with ongoing development and
blocked by dependencies so you know
that's kind of a scary and exciting
thing so so one approach I'm interested
is sort of incremental internal
refractors into async/await so like
without breaking external API moving to
a single weight and you know while this
sounds good because you can merge them
quickly you don't have to worry about
like dependency breaking it does maybe
it moves the base platform compatibility
like you're moving up to no 10 from node
whatever or you're you're changing
browser compatibility so I just want to
learn more about like how does this
approach sound and how are we dealing
with this ink endeavour instead of
besides just like hoping everything
refractors nicely all at the same time
yeah so it would be great if Alan was
here because I know he has a lot of
opinions on this but we can also follow
up in the async issue in JSF PFS but to
target your question on like doing like
the massive sweeping changes versus
incrementally doing it so initially we
had a conversation a one-hour video a
while back and we had decided that for
like the smaller repos we would do the
holistic
pre-factors because they're quick and
easy and not not very painful but I know
you've been poking around in the DHT and
that is a very large unwieldy thing that
is also moving very quickly now so I'm
also on board with making for things
like JSI PFS
the p2p switch the DHT I think those are
things that especially if we're doing
active work on doing large sweeping
changes is going to be it's going to get
increasingly difficult the further along
in progress we get
so I think we're going to have to if we
want to do it reasonably we're going to
have to do incremental changes to some
of those things cool that makes a lot of
sense me and I really support that how
do we what's the like official stance on
like platform stability and platform
support so yeah so we actually dropped
everything below node 10 a few months
ago was that last year forget what it
was but it was a while back that we
actually officially dropped it because
we knew we were moving to async/await ok
great ok so then as you may be aware I
do have one specific tiny PR in DHT and
that's just more like a model of what I
want to bring to a bunch of different
repos and in more parts of the DHT as
well if that makes sense
so very happy to contribute small
incremental factors towards async
perfecter yeah if you want to reach out
in the JSI PFS issue we can follow up
there and alan will be back tomorrow so
we can sync up again there too we
appreciate all the help with that and
all the help that you've already given
to the p2p and ipfs you got it great
things I'll pick it up there all right
we are
it's time so I'm gonna let everybody go
if you need to go feel free to leave hey
wait bye yeah Molly I can can't go to
the gold meeting can you sink there
about making a new release of why PFS
because of the multiple files thing
that's are is broken in the current one
because it's blocking us badly no just
that okay I will I will call it that
that tiny thing if someone else also
wants to hop over to go be first call
it's starting right now and can continue
to make that point even more eloquently
Thanks okay bye everybody